[CHAIN-282] Add Recovery contract deployment scripts (#387)
base/contract-deployments: mainnet/2025-07-24-eth-recovery/README.md

Reviewer: This readme is for a completely different task. Need to update accordingly

Reviewer: It may be worth mentioning the makefile commands in code blocks for phase 1 and 2

# ETH Recovery Contract Deployment

Status: PENDING

## Description

This task deploys an ETH recovery system to recover funds mistakenly sent to the Base portal address on Ethereum mainnet. Users have been sending ETH to the same address (0x49048044D57e1C92A77f79988d21Fa8fAF74E97e) that exists on Ethereum as the Base portal contract.

The deployment consists of two separate phases:

**Phase 1 - Implementation Deployment (via DeployRecoveryImplementation.s.sol)**

> > This deployment will be broadcasted and executed on-chain directly from this script

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This deployment will be broadcasted and executed onchain directly from this script
```
